
Campaign Preparation:
	Standard above-ground levels. No particular theme.
	Bug / Enemy Above-Ground Level
	Button Above-Ground Level
	Axe Above-Ground Level
	Bullet Above-Ground Level (Some bullets as theme, mostly other things)
	Sword Above-Ground Level
	Falling Platform Level
	Moving Platform Level
	Key Level
	Spring Level
	Shell Level
	Elemental Level
	Cluster Level
	Infinite Collectable Level
	Toggle Cannon Level
	Generator Level
	
	
	
Ninja School:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afpn_--tRT4		// invictus
		- Forcing player to constantly be on move, always something dangerous to avoid.
		- One important method used is to have open floor, thus have to rely on platforms, spins, etc.
	Timed Levels, where you run around with sword, jump on buzz, have to beat timer, get time items.
	Timed levels, run with shells. Have special bamboo hat.
	Shell bouncing back between toggles, must react. (Easy > Puzzle)
	Dodging saws while spring and button jumping.
	Platforms that you run across (long horizontal level) while eyes shoot at you, dodge saws, cannons, elementals, etc.
	Survival Key Levels: Key slowly moves downward, must survive until you can grab it.
	Survival Suit Levels: Suit or Hat slowly moves downard, must survive until you can grab it.
	Survival Boss Levels: Boss room, must survive until something changes.
	Cluster Levels: On a track or cluster-based level, moving through it until you can complete level.
	
Campaigns:
	
	"Realm of Prophecy" - Ryu is asleep, and in the realm of prophecy.
		"Dreamers travel to the realm of prophecy all the time, they just never remember anything."
		"The realm of prophecy grants insight into your future."
		"Dude, your dream is seriously messed up... I wouldn't want to be you when you wake up."
		"Hey, one of your friends came by and said you should meet at the battle arena some day. Whatever that means."
		
	"Whitehaven" - Ryu has to save the village after a magical chasm is discovered.
		- STAGE 1: "Ryu! Thank goodness, you're alive. Whitehaven was attacked while you were away."
			"Personally, I think the wizards are to blame. Ever since the rumors of the Dreadlands began, all sorts of weird stuff happened."
			"A few hunters are clearing the area, but it'll start getting dangerous if you head in too deep. Be careful!"
		- STAGE 2: "Hey kid, why aren't you indoors? You should let the hunters do their job. It only gets worse from here."
			>> "You can ignore Larry. He's just upset because he saw your dope skills coming through."
		- STAGE 3: "Ryu, some green goey monster chased me here! I tried to stop, drop, and roll. But that didn't work."
			"Thankfully, I rigged up a spring contraption and bounced him away."
		- STAGE 4: "You again!? You're trying to get back to Whitehaven, aren't you? Go back before you get hurt."
			>> "Oh, its you. Since you seem intent on getting back, you should take one of my swords with you."
				"Don't worry about returning it. The Hunter's Academy has plenty."
		- STAGE 5: "RYU! Friend! Buddy! Pal! Have you heard? The wizards are coming to help us."
			"Rumor is that some weird magic thing happened here. I wonder what it was..."
		- STAGE 6: "Hey Ryu, look out for the road ahead. Some hunter told me that I'd probably die if I tried to go any further."
			"And then he thought about it and said I'd probably die anyway."
			"He's kind of a jerk."
		- STAGE 7: "Ryu, you're back! You should stay with me for a while. The hunters will be patrolling here soon."
			"But if you insist on leaving, take my axe. I killed some giant flying thing with it."
		- STAGE 9: "You know, I'm beginning to wonder how you've survived this long."
			"Maybe you can handle yourself after all."
			>> "You know, what you've done along this route has been quite impressive."
				"I hope our weaponry has served you well. The hunter's guild appreciates your help."
		- STAGE 10: "You know, most hunters hadn't fought or even seen a monster before their training."
			"Once you've found whatever it is you're looking for in Whitehaven, come find me at the Hunter Academy."
			>> "Larry can be a bit rough around the edges, but he's a damn good hunter."
				"And he's right. Master Dotu would definitely take you as a recruit. I'll vouch for you, too."
			
	"Hunter Academy" - Ryu is approached by Master Dotu, who tells him to meet. Tries out for Hunter Academy. Gets in.
		- Stage 1: INFORMATION
			"Ah, you came! Excellent. Welcome to Hunter Academy. Our job is to keep the civilized lands safe from monsters."
			"As a recruit, your job is to train hard, learn our techniques, and pass the final tests to become a Hunter."
			"Feel free to explore the Academy. Practice while you can. Master Dotu will be expecting you sometime this week."
			
			>> "Hi there, recruit. Ryu, is it? Hopefully you've had time to see the armory and the monster room."
			"We keep the monsters alive so that we can teach new recruits about their habits. They're hard to capture!"
			
		- Stage 2: OBSTACLE COURSE
			
			"Recently, the wizards have been recruiting us to fight in the Dreadlands. Rumor is they found something valuable there."
			"All I know is the Dreadlands is extremely dangerous. Makes that Whitehaven fiasco look easy."
			"Anyway, go ahead and 
			
		- Stage 3: WEAPONS TRAINING
			- Sword Training
			- Axe Training
			- Rock Training
		
		- Stage 4 & 5: ADVANCED COURSES
			- Top Hat
			- Fedora
			- Cowboy Hat
			- Ranger Hat
			- Spiked Hat
			- Hard Hat
		
		- Stage 6: ITEM TRAINING
			Shell Levels. Some have special bamboo hat.
			Springs Levels.
			Button Levels.
		
		- Stage 7: SPEED TRAINING
			Timed Levels, where you run around with sword, jump on buzz, have to beat timer, get time items.
			
	"The Apprentice" - Ryu becomes Avalon's disciple after Avalon discovers him. Ryu discovers magical powers.
		- Fire discovery stage: Avalon says that many don't survive it. If he wants to risk it, he can try.
	"Journey to the Dreadlands"
	"The Dreadlands"
		- Clearing Paths, Cartography / Mapping Out Area
	"The Shimmering Spire" (( you discover the shimmering spire, must cleanse it of its ancient darkness ))
	"" (( gathering parts for an artifact, to build a ritual ))
	"Avalon's Blessing" (( gather components for a protection ritual ))
	"The Golem's Dungeon" (( need the golem for reconstructing the spire ))
	"Rebuilding the Spire" (( rebuilding the shimmering spire; requires multiple characters, Poo, Ryu, others ))
	
	// Side Campaigns
	"_____'s Curse" - Dark beast or wizard creates a curse in the Dreadlands, Ryu has to stop him/it.
	"The Beast's Lair" - A bunch of monsters are discovered. Possible treasures to recover.


	